ONPREM-1346  | Removing launch agent reference (#9264)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server/latest/installation/upgrade-server.adoc

[source,shell,subs=attributes+]
helm upgrade circleci-server oci://cciserver.azurecr.io/circleci-server -n $namespace --version {serverversion48} -f <path-to-values.yaml> --username $USERNAME --password $PASSWORD

. Deploy and run link:https://github.com/circleci/realitycheck[`reality check`] in your test environment to ensure your installation is fully operational.

> . Migrate existing Machine Runners instances from launch agent to machine runner 3.0 agent, see the link:https://circleci.com/docs/migrate-from-launch-agent-to-machine-runner-3-on-linux/[migration guide] as launch agent support is discontinued.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Migrate any existing machine runner instances from the launch agent to the machine runner 3.0 agent, see the xref:../../../../migrate-from-launch-agent-to-machine-runner-3-on-linux/[migration guide]. The launch agent is not supported.
```
